evidence: update data structures (#165)
tendermint/spec: spec/core/data_structures.md

```go
type DuplicateVoteEvidence struct {
    VoteA  *Vote
    VoteB  *Vote
}
```

Valid Duplicate Vote Evidence must adhere to the following rules:

- Validator Address, Height, Round and Type must be the same for both votes

- BlockID must be different for both votes (BlockID can be for a nil block)

- Validator must have been in the validator set at that height

- Vote signature must be valid (using the chainID)

- Evidence must not have expired: either age in terms of height or time must be
    less than the age stated in the consensus params. Time is the block time that the
    votes were a part of.

### LightClientAttackEvidence

```go
type LightClientAttackEvidence struct {
 ConflictingBlock *LightBlock
 CommonHeight     int64
}
```

> Valid Light Client Attack Evidence encompasses three types of attack and must adhere to the following rules
> 
> - If the header of the light block is invalid, thus indicating a lunatic attack, the node must check that
>     they can use `verifySkipping` from their header at the common height to the conflicting header
> 
> - If the header is valid, then the validator sets are the same and this is either a form of equivocation
>     or amnesia. We therefore check that 2/3 of the validator set also signed the conflicting header
> 
> - The trusted header of the node at the same height as the conflicting header must have a different hash to
>     the conflicting header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid Light Client Attack Evidence encompasses three types of attack and must adhere to the following rules

- The trusted header of the node at the same height as the conflicting header must have a different hash to the conflicting header.

- CommonHeight < ConflictingBlock.Header.Height 
    
- If CommonHeight + 1 = ConflictingBlock.Header.Height we do sequential verification (we check that 2/3 of the validator set also signed the conflicting header)

- If CommonHeight + 1 < ConflictingBlock.Header.Height we check `verifySkipping` 
```

I am not sure wether validity is the point around we should do the case distinction. I guess nodes may also do amnesia for invalid blocks?

Author: The actual implementation does in fact use the common height as the case distinction
